#H1 Introducing **Ryan Farokhi**
Hello my name is Ryan my name means "little king" in irish 
and farokhi is the last name of my dad.
I was born and rasied in Ottawa,Ontario Canada my whole life. 
My elementary school was _John Young_ on 5 Morton Dr, Kanata
_Glen cairn_ for middle school 182 Morrena Rd, Kanata and 
currently at A.y jackson Secondary school. My parents name 
is Nadia and Hassan Farokhi and my little sister named Anita
(age 11).

##H2 List of hobbies 
I)basketball
II) Video Games
III) Swimming  
IV) Biking 

##H3 favourite songs 
I)  Some Way by Nav
II) Roll in Peace by Kodak black	
III) Passion fruit by Drake  
IV)transportin’ by Kodak black
V)XO TOUR LIF3 by Lil uzi vert
VI) Some Way by Nav
VII) Call me by Nav
VIII) I Am by Nav 
IX) Perplexing Pegasus by Rae Stremmurd 
X) What If It Was Me by Tech N9ne 

##H4 Favourite Movies
I) Kings mens 
II) kings men 2 
III) 21 jump street
IV) 22 jump street 

##H5 favourite food 
I) Hamburger
II) Pizza
III) Saghetti
IV) Lasagna

I speak 3 languages English.French,Farsi
I learned farsi first then when I was in kindergarden I learned a little 
bit of french and english I was french immersion till grade 1 then I did
english for the rest of my school years.

on Weekends I like to practise basketball atlease 3 hours to improve myself
and my goal in life is to get a scholarshipsfor basketball to duke university. 
and I do the same on week days

my favourite joke would be 
"why was six afraid of seven?
Because seven eight nine!"

I want to be able to mange my own company and advertise 
and be able get a good business going like my father does 
he owns a good shoe repair business in hazeldean mall and thats 
what I want out of my BTT10 experience.

Softwares I haved used in the past thats not related to business class
would be 

I) FL studios
II) Movie maker
III) Photo shop
IV) OBS Studio

Like I said before I want to play basketball for duke university 
and I would like to be drafted to either toronto raptors, boston celtics
or any team  that my favourite player kyrie irving is playing on. 

Thank you for reading my introducing me project
